Hi All,

   A very big Thank you for bringing the Ulster Bank Hackathon to our notice. I could'nt stop thanking you because of the wonderful experience and exposure we had with the techies,business and the bank officials. I would like to write a brief note on how and what actually it was being as a participant.
   
   Friday 18:00 hrs:
   
	We reached a place called dogpatch labs, which is one of the coolest place for a hackathon. In the inaguration ceremony, Harshit pitched our idea of having a common market place for the inverstors and sme with bank as a regulatory body. And later we had a discussion with one of the SME juries, who suggested that there is a similar portal existing called https://www.zopa.com/loans and when we made a difference by putting a bank as a regulatory body, still the idea didn't work out as there was a lot of risk involved on the bank side.
	
	Saturday:
	The panel informed us that it is mandatory to have a business person in the team and so, Mr.Ross ,working as a manager in Ulster Bank, Belfast joined us. The panel took this decision because there were many business people with ideas but they didn't have developers.So we formed a team with Mr.Ross.We tried very hard to design our idea with reduced risk but in first place, we wern't convinced and we were pretty sure that it will not work out.
	
	Mortgage :
	
	After a rigorous brainstroming among ourselves, we came up with an idea to simplify the documentation delays in Mortgage process. The idea was to build a data-vault, residing with the bank. The loan seeker will register with his income details and also other static documents like passport, birth certicates etc. But the dynamic documents like pay slips, e-statements are required to be updated as the bank reuires the recent copy of those docs. Here, none of the banks has APIs for their customers to provide the e-statements and we thought of pitching it up to the Ulster Bank. Now, with that API integrated, the loan-seeker has to simply upload the picture of his desired property to know his eligibility on affording the property. If Yes, he can book and appointment in the same portal,without any docs, as they are already in the vault and updated.
	
	Saturday evening + Sunday :
	Development :
	
	We started building the Vault and managed to complete it within the given build-time. And also made the presentation succesfully with the working Proto-type.
	(Pics attached)
	
	Results and Take-aways :
	
	It was very shocking for us that we didn't made it to the finals, despite having a working proto-type.And also dis-hearting to see people going into finals ONLY with awesome presentations and videos and no working code !! (3/10 finalists had their codes fully running)
	
	From the above, we learned the following,
	
	Infosys hack-a-thon is tech-focused and Banking Hack-a-thon is Business/Solution focused.
	For a banking Hack-a-thon, we need,not only developes but also business analysis & sales people to sell our idea with their typical sytle of presenting.(99% of the team's had this strategy)
	We were the smallest team among all 27 teams and it really matters to them.
	
	Technical-focus :
	
	Personally I think , we should explore more on React.js,Node.js and Android development, as these banks are looking forward for a disruptive ideas, extending open APIs from Google/facebook etc. 
	
	Winners : A team who extended google street view APIs to show the value of each property and its affortabilty based on user's inputs/profile. 
